applications: serial_lte_modem: improve AT Carrier documentation (#14186)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/CARRIER_AT_commands.rst

  ``AT#XCARRIER="timezone","read"`` returns the timezone currently stored by the device.
  ``AT#XCARRIER="timezone","write",<timezone>`` puts the value in ``<timezone>`` into the resource.
  ``<timezone>`` must be a string in double quotes.

* ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_offset","read|write"[,<utc_offset>]``

  Read or write the UTC Offset resource (ID:14) of the Device object (ID:3).
  ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_offset","read"`` returns the UTC offset currently in effect for the device as per ISO 8601.
  ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_offset","write",<utc_offset>`` puts the value in ``<utc_offset>`` into the resource.
  ``<utc_offset>`` must be an integer value specified in minutes.

* ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_time","read|write"[,<utc_time>]``

  Read or write the Current Time resource (ID:13) of the Device object (ID:3).
  ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_time","read"`` returns the current UNIX time of the device.
  ``AT#XCARRIER="utc_time","write",<utc_time>`` puts the value in ``<utc_time>`` into the resource.
  ``<utc_time>`` must be an integer value specified in UNIX time.

* ``AT#XCARRIER="velocity",<heading>,<speed_h>,<speed_v>,<uncertainty_h>,<uncertainty_v>``

>   Set or update the latest velocity information that will be mapped into the Velocity resource (ID:4) and Speed resource (ID:6) of the Location object (ID:6).
>   ``<heading>`` is the horizontal direction of movement in degrees clockwise from North. Must be an integer value between 0 and 359.
>   ``<speed_h>`` is the horizontal non-negative speed in meters per second. Must be a float type value in double quotes.
>   ``<speed_v>`` is the vertical speed in meters per second. Positive value indicates upward motion. Negative value indicates downward motion. Must be a float type value in double quotes.
>   ``<uncertainty_h>`` is the horizontal uncertainty speed, i.e. maximal deviation from the true speed, given in meters per second. Must be a non-negative float type value in double quotes.
>   ``<uncertainty_v>`` is the vertical uncertainty speed in meters per second. Must be a non-negative float type value in double quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Set or update the latest velocity information that will be mapped into the Velocity resource (ID: 4) and Speed resource (ID: 6) of the Location object (ID: 6).

  * ``<heading>`` is the horizontal direction of movement in degrees clockwise from North.
    Must be an integer value between ``0`` and ``359``.
  * ``<speed_h>`` is the horizontal non-negative speed in meters per second.
    Must be a float type value in double quotes.
  * ``<speed_v>`` is the vertical speed in meters per second.
    A positive value indicates upward motion, while a negative value indicates downward motion.
    Must be a float type value in double quotes.
  * ``<uncertainty_h>`` is the horizontal uncertainty speed in meters per second.
    Must be a non-negative float type value in double quotes.
  * ``<uncertainty_v>`` is the vertical uncertainty speed in meters per second.
    Must be a non-negative float type value in double quotes.
```

* ``AT#XCARRIER="voltage",<power_source>,<voltage>``

>   Put the value in ``<voltage>`` into the Power Source Voltage resource (ID:7) instance corresponding to one of the Available Power Sources resource (ID:6) instances of the Device object (ID:3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Put the value in ``<voltage>`` into the Power Source Voltage resource (ID: 7) instance corresponding to one of the Available Power Sources resource (ID: 6) instances of the Device object (ID: 3).
```

  Refer to the ``AT#XCARRIER="power_sources"`` command for information regarding the supported power sources.

>   ``<voltage>`` must be an integer value specified in millivolts (mV).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``<voltage>`` must be an integer value specified in millivolts.
```

The ``<cmd>`` command is a string, and can be used as follows:

* ``AT#XCARRIER="app_data"[,<data>][,<obj_inst_id>,<res_inst_id>]``

  Put the value in ``<data>`` into the indicated path.
  ``<data>`` must be an opaque string in double quotes, unless ``slm_data_mode`` is enabled.

  * If ``<obj_inst_id>`` and ``<res_inst_id>`` are specified, the data is set in an instance of the Data resource (ID: 0) of the Binary App Data Container object (ID: 19).

>   The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/19/<obj_inst_id>/0/<res_inst_id>``.
>   * If ``<obj_inst_id>`` and ``<res_inst_id>`` are not present, the data is set in the Uplink Data resource (ID: 0) of the App Data Container object (ID: 10250).
>   The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/10250/0/0``.
>   * If ``<data>`` is not present, SLM enters ``slm_data_mode`` and the data is set in the Uplink Data resource (ID: 0) of the App Data Container object (ID: 10250).
>   The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/10250/0/0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/19/<obj_inst_id>/0/<res_inst_id>``.
  * If ``<obj_inst_id>`` and ``<res_inst_id>`` are not present, the data is set in the Uplink Data resource (ID: 0) of the App Data Container object (ID: 10250).
    The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/10250/0/0``.
  * If ``<data>`` is not present, SLM enters ``slm_data_mode`` and the data is set in the Uplink Data resource (ID: 0) of the App Data Container object (ID: 10250).
    The URI path of the resource instance is indicated as ``/10250/0/0``.
```

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="apn"[,<apn>]``

  Configure the LwM2M carrier library to use a custom APN specified in ``<apn>`` when connecting to the device management network.
  ``<apn>`` must be a string in double quotes.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_CUSTOM_APN` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="auto_startup"[,<0|1>]``

>   Set flag to automatically apply the enabled settings to the LwM2M carrier library configuration and connect to the device management network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Set a flag to automatically apply the enabled settings to the LwM2M carrier library configuration and connect to the device management network.
```

  This command accepts two possible input parameters: ``0`` to disable or ``1`` to enable.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="bootstrap_smartcard"[,<0|1>]``

  Configure the LwM2M carrier library to allow bootstrap from Smartcard.
  This command accepts two possible input parameters: ``0`` to disable or ``1`` to enable.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_BOOTSTRAP_SMARTCARD` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="carriers"[,"all"|<carrier1>[,<carrier2>[,...[,<carrier6>]]]]``

  Configure the networks in which the LwM2M carrier library will apply (see the :ref:`general_options_lwm2m` section of the library's documentation).
  By default, any network is allowed. The input parameters are mapped as follows:

  * ``all`` - Any network allowed.
  * ``0`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`.
  * ``1`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_VERIZON`.

>   * ``2`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_ATT`.

Reviewer 2: Will conflict with https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/14125

  * ``3`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_LG_UPLUS`.
  * ``4`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_T_MOBILE`.
  * ``5`` - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SOFTBANK`.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="coap_con_interval"[,<interval>]``

  Configure how often the LwM2M carrier library is to send the Notify operation as a CoAP Confirmable message instead of a Non-Confirmable message.

>   ``<interval>`` must be an integer value specified in seconds. Two special values may also be used: ``-1`` to always use Confirmable notifications, or ``0`` to use the default interval of 86400 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``<interval>`` must be an integer value specified in seconds.
  Two special values may also be used: ``-1`` to always use Confirmable notifications, or ``0`` to use the default interval of 86400 seconds.
```

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="device_type"[,<device_type>]``

  Configure the value in ``<device_type>`` to be put into the Device Type resource (ID:17) of the Device object (ID:3).
  ``<device_type>`` must be a string in double quotes.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_DEVICE_TYPE` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="hardware_version"[,<version>]``

  Configure the value in ``<version>`` to be put into the Hardware Version resource (ID:18) of the Device object (ID:3).
  ``<version>`` must be a string in double quotes.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_DEVICE_HARDWARE_VERSION` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="manufacturer"[,<manufacturer>]``

>   Configure the value in ``<manufacturer>`` to be put into the Manufacturer resource (ID:0) of the Device object (ID:3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configure the value in ``<manufacturer>`` to be put into the Manufacturer resource (ID: 0) of the Device object (ID: 3).
```

  Configure the value in ``<version>`` to be put into the Software Version resource (ID:19) of the Device object (ID:3).
  ``<version>`` must be a string in double quotes.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_DEVICE_SOFTWARE_VERSION` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="device_serial_no_type"[,<device_serial_no_type>]``

  Configure the Device Serial Number type to be used in LG U+ network.
  The ``<device_serial_no_type>`` must be an integer value. It accepts the following values:

  * ``0`` - :kconfig:option:`LWM2M_CARRIER_LG_UPLUS_IMEI`.
  * ``1`` - :kconfig:option:`LWM2M_CARRIER_LG_UPLUS_2DID`.

  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_LG_UPLUS_DEVICE_SERIAL_NUMBER` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="service_code"[,<service_code>]``

  Configure the Service Code registered for this device with LG U+.
  ``<service_code>`` must be a string in double quotes.
  For details, see the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_LG_UPLUS_SERVICE_CODE` Kconfig option.

* ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="pdn_type"[,<pdn_type>]``

  Configure the PDN type of the custom APN configured through the ``AT#XCARRIERCFG="apn"`` command.

>   ``<pdn_type>`` must be an integer value. It accepts the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``<pdn_type>`` must be an integer value.
  It accepts the following values:
```
